Today I just have to announce our long-wish or long-lasting dream that we had a long time.
Those who are really going too close to fulfill or come to the realities.
And that is, we all know, we all talk so many times about the stupas.
We talk about stupa on the lower meadow and that during the Indian religious time, during
the bell, who is talking that.
We had so many times that we wish to do, and kind of delayed all the reasons.
And then 34 years ago, we thought we really can activate that quickly.
When we look more closely, it becomes more complicated, more complicated, and so difficult
to do.
And so now, we've got big dilemmas, dilemma of what to do.
Do it loosely.
Every aspect has really become more kind of quite heavy and difficult.
So finally, then, now, we decided to do the stupa to produce or manufacture in Java.
Java, the same, this stupa, but five, five stupas, and the middle one will be 20 feet,
and the four others are bigger than this stupa, which is 10 feet, no?
12.
12 feet.
Plus the base 40.
20 feet.
So five stupas are, really, we all kind of made a discussion back and forth with the
men.
Laura and Elia and Elia, they've been discussing back and forth, back and forth with, in the
Java.
In Java.
And finally, we met the contract, and we all come in the mutual agreement, contract, contract.
So now, as they really come, they're also excited, they wrote a letter today, today,
they said that they look at the calendar and the calculation, astrological chart, all that,
and tonight, our one o'clock, in the morning, they're going to start carving.
They said they look the calendar, they look the calculate, astrological chart, and they
are really going to do, so please, you also think good things.
They said, so that's, I was really, and we all made it, they said.
So tonight, mid-o'clock, when we were having a nice dream, dream, and that is what's happening.
So really, for that, they asked to do some prayer, also, I thought, we thought to really
do prayer, so kind of, just really nice enough.
You see all that, and we do this short prayer, and dedicating this merit, and come every
day, so perfectly in the performance, exactly as we, we should really come and to benefit
to the world, peace, to every living beings, and to the Buddha teaching, and really spreading
this North American become, and particularly also, Bhema Samyal become one of the very
part of, like, very, what's called the powerhouse of the teaching of the Buddha Dharma.
For now, on, all the way to attract everyone in each enlightenment, really, really wish
that, and as in Tibet, or in India, Nalanda Monastery University in Tibet, Samyam Monastery,
and later, all those great monasteries, really wish this, become one of the beautiful places,
there's so many realizations, so many great beings come one after the, who's so humble,
simple, don't doubt, yet so practical, keeping up the exactly core, and identity, identity
in the principle of teaching of the Buddha Dharma, and the Gharipayama, some of us teaching,
really wish that, and we may, we also have that realization, and by this merit, because
we all am old, we all connected to this, so really wishing that from the core of our heart,
and we do this prayer, and I just thought to share that news, and do that, thought to do
that, so if you have this, this, this, this, Bhej 27, as I say, which are, and so, we met
the contract, and I think we had, what's called, we had the money to do the contract, that,
and I think it will take what?
A year and a half to two years.
One and a half, or two years, to finish that, so we met the contract, we had the money,
seed money, or to start that, and so now, we release, they're working on this, so that's,
that's my, really, announcement, and the news, and now, really, we wish all this, what, this,
what's our coming Stupa, not just only did, but also we have this, oh, really, it came
so beautifully, it just came, came as a monument of the peace, and love, and devotion to the
Buddha Dharma Sangh, not struggling, and doing, it's kind of happening, this, it's just a kind
of, naturally, it really came, and Samyam monastery in the Tibet, what is it called?
It's just Patanjalia complex, the great glorious monastery of the Tibet, that's what Samyam
module, that's what's been named, in a way, this also really happened, it came very naturally,
and never thought this would come, never dreamed that, when we got this physical land, and,
and all of this, all of this happened, this truly is a blessings, blessings of the Buddha
Dharma Sangha, it's not just by something, it's truly, it is a really blessings, that,
so it all happened, and also which, this well, so beautiful, and bright, this continually
like that, and throughout the centuries, throughout the generations, and just millenniums,
millenniums,
really become like this, so wish that, again, I'm just taught to, did that taught, and then
we, we, we do this phrase, okay.
♪♪♪
(gentle music)